CPA Experiment Instructions

1. Open JupyterLab and place CPA Experiment folder(s) into image_stacks
2. Open Final_Fura_ROI_Detection_Automated in JupyterLab
3. Run the "Package Import" code block using the play button next to the clipboard icon
4. Run the "File Import" code block
5. Use the "FPS of tif files:" widget to select the fps of the tif files used
6. Run the "Create Results Folder(s)" code block, wait until "Done." appears
7. Run the "Threshold Sizing Baseline Image(s)" code block, wait until image(s) appear
8. Select an option from "Threshold Size for:" widget, "Small" recommended
9. Run the "Initial Mask Creation" code block, wait until image(s) and widgets appear
10. Select option from "Number of erosions" widget for experiment(s), "0" recommended
11. Select option from "Max size of ROIs" widget for experiment(s), "6000" recommended
12. Select option from "Min size of ROIs" widget for experiment(s), "200" recommended
13. Un-check or leave checked the "Un-Check this box to discard edge ROIS" widget, checked recommended
14. Run the "Segmentation" code block, wait until image(s) appear
15. Run the "Create Removal Mask(s)" code block, wait until "Done." appears
16. Run the "Display Removal Mask(s)" code block, wait until image(s) and widgets appear
17. Select ROIs for Removal from "ROIs for Removal" widget(s), or check "Reset to original mask" to reset
18. Run the "Submit Removal Selection(s)" code block, wait until "Done. Re-Run Previous Code Block to View Updated ROIs" appears
19. Run the "Finalize Mask(s)" code block, wait until "Done." appears
20. Run the "Plotting and Data Collection" code block, wait until "Done." appears
21. If desired (Optional) Run the "Optional plotting of individual pixel intensities of each ROI and average" code block, wait until "Done." appears
23. Open Final_CPA_CSV_Automated in JupyterLab
24. Run the "Package Import" code block
25. Run the "Create a new time-stamped results directory" code block, wait until "Done." appears
26. Run the "Select data files for analysis" code block, wait until "Data Files" widget appears
27. Select result(s) folder(s) from Data Files widget, Ctrl-Click to select more than one
28. Run the "Choose which region columns to analyze" code block, wait until "Region cols" widget(s) appear
29. Select Region Columns for analysis from "Region cols" widget(s), all selected recommended
30. Un-check or leave checked the "Includes an Avg Col" widget(s), in this case leave checked
31. Check the "Check this box to make stimulation zones the same for all files" widget
32. Check the "Check this box to automatically remove bad traces" widget
33. Run the "Initial Data Plotting" code block, wait until plot(s) appear
34. Select option from "Number of anomalies present in..." widget(s) according to need
35. Select option from "Number of stimulation time zones for all plots:" widget according to need
36. If no anomalies present, run next three "Anomaly Artifact Removal" code blocks, else run code blocks one "Part" at a time
37. Run the "Set stimulation time zone ranges" code block, wait until plot(s) appear
38. Select range of stimulation zones using "Stimulation zone" sliding range widget
39. Run the "Plot data and stimulation time zones" code block, wait until plot(s) appear
40. Check the "Check this box to have automatic baselines for all" widget
41. Check the "Check this box to have starting baseline for all" widget
42. Run the "Peak counting and latency calculation settings" code block, wait until plot(s) and widgets appear
43. Select option for "Slope calculation method" widget
44. Select option for "Threshold standard deviations" widget, "2" recommended
45. Select option for "Response % standard deviations" widget, "4" recommended
46. Select options for "Length of Automatic Baselines" and "Length of Starting Baseline" widgets
47. Run "Plot peaks and calculate latencies by region" code block, wait until plots stop being output and it says "Idle" at bottom of window
48. View results in results folder